Calling out limits on BigCommerce API (#610)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/integrations/commerce/bigcommerce/commerce-bigcommerce-integration-reference.md

The order status is not available in Orders pulled from BigCommerce. You can review the status of the associated payment using the `Payments.status` field.

:::note Transaction limit on orders

> Orders containing more than 250 transactions (payments), are unable to to be fetched for our commerce-payments or commerce-orders datatypes correctly due to limitations of BigCommerce's API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orders with more than 250 transactions (payments) cannot be fetched correctly for our `commerce-payments` or `commerce-orders` data types due to the limitations of BigCommerce's API.
```
